Praha

Prague, an evening in May 2009.

I left the apartment at around 8pm. Girish and T had left early for some
random paiting exhibition, so the evening was all mine.
I ambled north towards Reigrovy Park,
then cut right and ended up at the Bohemian Museum.
I sauntered along the whole
stretch of Vaclavske Namesti (ignoring all the french fries on the
stalls hoping for a better meal), then turned right again at Mustek
back towards Krasova. But I hadn't found dinner yet,
and it was already close to ten. I stepped into a little coffee shop
nearby for a cappuccino and a donut before heading to the apartment, 
and finding out that I was locked out.

I could very well unlock the door with my key, but someone had
engaged the door limiter from the inside, so I could open it about an
inch or two, not more.

About a quarter of an hour later, I found out that Girish and T were
definitely back, because I could unlock the door with my spare key, but
not open it, thanks to something like a door limiter that had engaged.
Basically, you turn the locking knob on the inside all the way, and one
can't open the door from the outside even though one had the key. One
like me. So I'd got about an inch of the door open through which I ought
to wake up someone sleeping on the far side a bedroom on the other side
of the house. Not at all a pleasant excercise. I rang the bell and threw
my fists on the door and hollered for a while, and got nothing but
silent frustrating calm from within the house ('Man, what did they have
for dinner?').

Ok. Time to try and break in. I could slide a couple of fingers in about
an inch and half, but that wasn't of any use. The knob on the door, I
remembered, was placed in a niche, so even if I found something to poke
in with a couple of fingers, I would never be able to make it reach the
knob (unless I found a piece of wire that I could maybe bend to
requirement, if I figured out how it should be bent). Mmm. All right,
now what.

Since the door limiter was between two doors, it depended on one of the
doors being latched to the door frame at the top or at the bottom. Maybe
I could try and unlatch that door? I could pull up the latch at the bottom
fairly easily, but could barely reach the one on top - it was a tall door.
Both latches were spring-laden, so they popped back into the frame as
soon as I let go of them. And everytime I'm groping for the top latch,
the lights on the corridor would auto-shutoff, and I had to start over
again. To have any hopes of actually opening the door this way, I
realized I need to be pushing the door in carefully while both the
latches are pulled out. After some fifteen minutes of callisthenics, I
decided this method was unviable.

I sat down on the stairs to ponder, staring at the door. Soon
afterwards, I was running down (no "Eureka" was mouthed out aloud, as far
as I remember). Girish had taken my phone with him when he'd left in the
evening, so I could ring him and see if that wakes him up. But I didn't
know the number - I had gotten a Czech sim card for our Prague stint. I
could get the number from my dad back in Bangalore, though. There was a
payphone near the church, but I didnt have much cash in coins. I went
back to the coffee shop, got my notes changed to all the 50 kroners he
had. ("You really like these coins, huh?". "I like anything that goes into
a payphone tonight".) I called Dad on his cellphone (at an inhuman hour
for him in India), asked him to note down my Prague number from his
cellphone after I hang up, hung up and called him back in five minutes for
the number. I memorized the number (I didn't have no pen), and rang that
number up. Switched off. Damn. (Apparently, Dad had called that number
right then from the home phone, and Girish had seen it's a Bangalore
number and promptly switched the phone off, fearing spam.)

11:15 pm. Some more thumping and ringing the bell and yelling later, I
was sleepy, the cappuccino having worn off. I settled down where the
staircase took a turn halfway above the third floor (where our apartment
was), but the stone floor was cold (it's April, tailend of winter). The
ceramic of the stairs was even colder. (I'm dressed casually,
with a jacket, no wollens.) Soon, the doormats of 301 and 302 were
finding themselves transported halfway up the staircase, and I was
finding myself on top of them.


