10:00 Eating a chocolate thingie in the cafe nearby
10:30 Reached apartment
10:40 Nobody opening the door. 
      I try to slide my hand in - my hands are too large. I remember that the inner lock was a knob that was
      actually placed inside a niche - so even if I find something to poke the knob with my fingers, I wont be
      able to find the knob.
      The other door has latches at the top and the bottom, so if I manage to pull them out, then maybe I can
      slide both the doors in and get the latch out. But the latches have springs on them and latch back as 
      soon as I leave them. The door is too tall for me to reach both simultaneously.
      I sit down and think. 
      Then I get the idea of calling Girish on phone. Ok, now where is the payphone?
      I go to the cafe to get change "You really like these coins, huh?"
      I now have three 50 kroner coins and one 20 kroner.
      Call dad, ask for my czech number (50kr). He has in the same cell phone, so I ask
      him to note it down and call him back in a minute (50kr). I get it and memorize it,
      and call it. It's switched off. Damn.
      I get back to the apartment, and try ringing the bell again.
11:15 I settle down on the turn of the staircase between 3rd and 4th floors, but the floor
      feels cold. There stairs are of stone, but the flat part has ceramic tiles, which are colder.
      I try lying down on the stone, but that feels cold too. Then I walk up and down, to see if I can 
      use anything to keep the cold off. There are some old clothes lying in the basement, but nothing 
      else catches my eye, until I settle back down. But I set my eyes on the doormats, and they look 
      like a good candidate. I take the doormats of both the houses on our floor and settle down on 
      the same spot, under the window.
12:00 The lights come on, and out of the list come a couple of girls going to an apartment in 
      the 4th floor. They spot me. They dont know what to say. I tell them that it's okay (?!). 
      I just got locked out. "Can we get you anything?" "No, I'm fine, thanks." The lights aren't 
      exactly helping me sleep. I drape my handkercheif over my eyes and try to catch some sleep.
      The lights go off, but come on again after a while. I hear someone whispering: "Are you 
      really sleeping?". I wake up smiling, and see this chap with a bottle of beer, asking me if 
      I want beer. I'm really grinning now. I say no, thanks. "What are you doing here, man?"
      "I stay here, but I got locked out of the apartment" "WTF. Did you call the number? Let's go 
      down and call the number." I use the beer-bearer's phone to call the number without much 
      hope ("Contact this number on broken key, key lost or any other problem.."). The guy at the other
      end of the phone is sleepy, and isn't very good at English. I tell him I'm locked out, I have 
      the key, but the door's been chained from the inside, and the my folks are inside the
      apartment (The beer-bearer is laughing now. "You should bang the door out. Did you holler
      loud enough?") The key guy is saying: "We send technician but he cost money." "How much will
      that cost?" "Not much if it's just closed, but if it's locked it will cost more." "Say it's
      locked" "2000 kroners". Ok. I say ditch maadi. The beer-bearer says there are folks in his place
      drinking beer, and do I want to join them. Of course I do.
12:30 Hip hop is playing, and the beer-bearer introduces himself as David and another guy as David too.
      From the US of A. They're singing along to songs with lots of fuck and suck and stuff. With 
      appropriate hand movements. There's a sweet girl ("Wendy, from Colorado"), another girl who 
      didn't talk much ("You're from India? I have a friend called Harsha."), a girl who never talked,
      and an Italian ("I'm F."). But they go out in a while, and I gulp down my beer bottoms up, and get 
      out before they do ("Where are you going?" "I'll take a walk around.")
12:50 I get out and walk for a while, but then think: What if Girish had woken up and unchained the door.
      So I come back and check the door again. It's locked still. I go down again, and Wendy's coming down 
      the stairs too "I can't believe they're actually waiting for the elevator". While she's waiting for
      her folks, I take leave. I turn into Seifertova, but then realize I saw a board advertising dorm 
      beds at 9eur. I go back to take a look at that, but that says Astra Accomodation again, and points
      to the same direction. ("Going by how our apartment is maintained, I wont find anybody to check me in
      at that hour.") So I resume my walk again.
01:00 I walk along Seifertova, then turn right and walk towards the TV tower glowing blue. There are still 
      folks out, some of them with dogs. I reach the tv tower. Then walk back towards Ondrickova. By now,
      I'm feeling a bit like Vimes in the Nightwatch. There aren't that many dark corners and facades (the
      streets were somewhat well lit), but I could really feel the cobblestones through my shoes. Tried
      verifying whether you can actually make the difference between different types of cobblestones though
      the shoe. Looks like you can. In just one long street, you have different types in different 
      stretches (the type changes on a crossing street): small spaced out stones, large stones laid straight
      with gravel between them, large stones laid in arches, large stones in no particular order.
01:40 The beer is doing it's work. I have to take a leak. By now, I'm in Husinecka, and I spot a couple of 
      pubs. They're actually open this late. I get into one, there are two tables with people, and a couple
      at the barstool. I ask for a beer, pay, and ask him: "Till what time is this shop open?" "11:30" "But
      it's like 1:30 now, right?" "Yeah, yeah, we're closing down." He wasn't very good at English, and the 
      couple in the stool was in deep conversation in Czech, with the bartender joining in now and then. I
      first took a leak (which was the whole point of getting in), and then settled down to watch a TED video
      with my half-litre mug of Gambrinus.
02:00 The folks in the two tables were leaving, and the bartender was turning the lights off everywhere. The
      barstool folks were still debating something, but my beer was over. I left.
02:15 Back in the apartment, I rang the whole routine: open the door as far as it would let me, ring the bell,
      shout inside. Had no effect, as usual. I settle down on the mats again. With a couple of beers in me, 
      it's not too uncomfortable now.
02:40 The second beer is working too. I really have to take a leak again. I walk to the basement to make
      make sure I didnt see a toilet there.
02:45 Damn. I gotta open this door - there's a nice toilet on just the other side. I take in some leaflets
      from the first floor and use them to keep the bottom latch up. But I cantdo that to the top latch because
      I cant reach it. I remember the plant near where I got the leaflets from, and I go down and get that here,
      climb on the pot to reach the top. But I still can't slide it in - probably because the latch was stuck 
      and didnt completely get down. I try using the paper as a rope  - I slide it in the eye of the latch 
      to pull it down, but the paper gets torn.
      Damn. I go back to the stairs.
03:15 I spot that the lock that hold it is actually screwed on, and that the screw is visible...
      I take the key the screw it out.

And 


